hey what's up everybody this is cosmic
relic here from like Spike TV bringing
you guys a sort of tutorial video for
guild wars 2 showing you how to actually
get to a world vs world pvp now when I
first got in i had trouble finding and
some other people may have found it easy
but i figured i'd make it easy for some
people who might have troubles in the
future so first what you're going to do
is you're going to press H to go into
your hero sheet ok and then on the left
side you're going to go down to PvP and
then you'll have two buttons here play
now is to access your regular PvP
matches and the second button is going
to be called to be in the mist okay and
basically what's going to happen is
you're going to click that button you
can flirt you through a loading screen
and you're going to start out in this
area now this is called a staging area
which is an area that is basically like
a I guess kind of tutorial to show you
how to do have some of the basics of
some of the PvP of the game what you'll
have is you'll have like three
taskmasters and stuff or whatever task
you to the request and basically
register tutorial class like reviving
people killing enemies or finishing in
research day and then tapping points
okay basically you can do those I'm not
quite sure if you have to do them but I
was doing anyways because hey what the
hell did you
if you want to skip them you can come to
the other end of the courtyard and
you'll see this wall with these stairs
just run up these stairs here and there
will be a dude in a portal up here now
if you actually talked to the dude and
just click yes what he'll do is he will
porch you to this place called heart of
the mist alright so when you get out
you're going to be in this area okay so
you know here's the map this is where we
were down here just 40 up here these are
all just tutorial tasks you don't have
to flag and if you don't want to to
access wolves vs world but this is
basically like your pvp kind of just
hangout area anyone to play google is
one kind of a guest like the new temple
you know you got to bank chess stuff
like that merchants and all that but
what's going to happen is you're going
to have two portals here right we have
the blue poured over there you got this
purple portal portal this purple portal
is basically going to take you to Lions
arc which is going to give you access to
a bunch of merchants and you know you
can also go over there to actually
switch you know to go over to other
areas of the world like you're going to
go to the nor an area or something like
that dog portals for that
now the blue gate is actually going to
be your world vs world game so you can
run through it you know basically okay
so we got in queue here but basically
pretty much what you do is you'll just
run into there and it will actually
throw you into a world vs world map and
you know just a quick couple things
about work world vs world the way it's
set up in the way it works is the fact
that they you know they have a list of
servers right of course you know
everyone does and but basically what
they do is they pick your server and two
other servers right and they put them
against each other in a huge instance
map for basically control of them now
there's going to be a bunch of forts a
little kind of outpost and stuff like
that that you can take over so pretty
much it splits you it takes the three
servers and it gives you a color there's
green red and blue now what you can do
is you go into them self again you
basically just end up gathering like
these points everything like that for
capturing outpost and like that and you
can capture them in various different
ways by breaking down the walls of you
know the gates or whatever
you know where you can break down walls
as well you can fully break down all the
walls if you really want but I mean that
takes time and you know let's face it
when you're being invaded you don't
really have you know much time to do
that but pretty much easier ways to get
in besides just using you your basic
guys on foot is they have ballistas that
got trebuchet catapult it may have
battering rams to make things easier now
you have to build them and they take a
little while to build and the enemies
can actually destroy them when they're
in construction so you kind of got to
protect them and everything that I mean
well vs world actually takes a pretty
decent amount of strategy so i would
suggest really running around with a
good group of people but once you
actually break through the walls of the
game what's going to happen is they're
going to have an elite dude and you know
a bunch of guards in there what you're
going to do is you're going to kill the
guards until the elite guy to assume
control of that day and once you do that
you know you'll have a couple different
options up to you'll have a upgrades
person inside the outpost by the supply
drag that will actually like let you buy
upgrades or something like that so like
for instance they have a little kind of
quest thing that you can do in world
versus world which is an escort quest
which is a escort in this thing called a
dolly act that has supplies and it goes
you know how post outpost of like that
one of the upgrades you can actually buy
in pcs and stuff like that to help
protect it so and supplies also go
towards you building you know
tributaries and you're playing with that
but sorry i can't show off worlders
world right now because it is full on
the server unfortunately but i play some
of it earlier and i do got to say it is
amazing I
any real hardcore PvP people are going
to absolutely love it but on that note
you know thanks thanks for watching this
I hope that kind of its form of you guys
a little bit on you know trying to
figure this out so you know please you
know check us out stay tuned for future
videos hopefully I'll have some more
guilt or two videos up here maybe some
actual PvP game play soon so you know
thanks for watching again and you know
please you know follow the channel or
whatever like our videos stuff like that
people and you know definitely head over
to like Spike TV check out our other
casters we cast on you know Twitter cake
eater whatever you know it has and also
go check out our MMO side that we hooked
up with called blacklisted gaming you
can find them over at blacklisted gaming
org then we go to sign up so we're that
we are recruiting for guild wars 2 so
just drop a line in there be like egg
you know I'm interested in you know
joining us for guild wars 2 and we will
get you set up well on release and
thanks again everybody